Updated docs with new SDK version details (#62)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/getting-started/APITypes.md

displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

## General API

> Subsocial API creates a new connection to the blcokchain and provides a list of methods that help in fetching and writing data on substrate pallets. It uses proper types for javascript and are easy for developing most of the social Dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsocial API creates a new connection to the blockchain and provides a list of methods that help in fetching and writing data on substrate pallets. It uses proper types for javascript and is easy for developing most social Dapps.
```

```
const api = new SubsocialApi.create(CONFIG);
```

>🆃 NewSubsocialApiProps: Omit<[*SubsocialApiProps*](https://docs.subsocial.network/js-docs/js-sdk/modules/api.html#subsocialapiprops), 'substrateApi'> & { substrateNodeUrl: *string*, substrateApi?: *ApiPromise* }

## Core Subsocial API

> Core SubsocialApi provides you with detailed methods for interacting with Subsocial blockchain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core SubsocialApi provides you with detailed methods for interacting with the Subsocial blockchain. 
```

Using this class, you can get all the data of posts, spaces and profiles from IPFS and the blockchain's storage with appropriate methods.

```

> You can access it from the SubsocialApi object like this: `api.subsocial`.

Author: base subsocial API.
